README.md, before:

University Student, Software Engineering | Focused on backend technology and apple development. 
On the side, building clean, practical projects while grinding through boot.dev.
Creating my own projects and ideas along the way

---

### Boot.dev Progress
<p align="left">
  <img src="https://api.boot.dev/v1/users/public/bca76a19-c277-43b5-a2d3-4815a2a2f13d/thumbnail" alt="Boot.dev progress graph" width=25% >
</p>

### Projects
- [StudyBuddy](https://github.com/fanatcx/StudyBuddy) — A personal project, this discord bot is designed to support focused studying through Pomodoro timers, flashcards, and quizzes.  
- [StaticSiteGen](https://github.com/fanatcx/StaticSiteGen) — Converts Markdown into HTML with Python.  
- [Agentic AI](https://github.com/fanatcx/Agentic-AI) — An AI agent that reads, updates, and runs code using the Gemini API.  
- [BookBot](https://github.com/fanatcx/BookBot) — A command-line program that analyzes text for word and character frequencies.  
- [WebFlyx](https://github.com/fanatcx/WebFlyx) — A Boot.dev project centered on learning GitHub fundamentals and Markdown workflows.

---

### About Me
- ⚡ Learning **Python**, **Go**, and backend architecture. Also learning **Swift** and **SwiftUI**.  
- ⚡ Focused on clean, maintainable code first.

Commit message:

Final
Updated project descriptions and added a personal vision statement.

README.md, after:

University Student, Software Engineering Major | Focused on backend technology and ios/macos development. 
On the side, building clean, practical projects while grinding through boot.dev.
Creating my own projects and ideas along the way

---

### Boot.dev Progress
<p align="left">
  <img src="https://api.boot.dev/v1/users/public/bca76a19-c277-43b5-a2d3-4815a2a2f13d/thumbnail" alt="Boot.dev progress graph" width=25% >
</p>

### Projects
- [StaticSiteGen](https://github.com/fanatcx/StaticSiteGen) — Converts Markdown into HTML with Python.  
- [Agentic AI](https://github.com/fanatcx/Agentic-AI) — An AI agent that reads, updates, and runs code using the Gemini API.  
- [BookBot](https://github.com/fanatcx/BookBot) — A command-line program that analyzes text for word and character frequencies.  
- [WebFlyx](https://github.com/fanatcx/WebFlyx) — A Boot.dev project centered on learning GitHub fundamentals and Markdown workflows.
- [StudyBuddy](https://github.com/fanatcx/StudyBuddy) — This discord bot is designed to support focused studying through Pomodoro timers, flashcards, and quizzes.  

---

### About Me
- Learning **Python**, **Go**, and backend architecture. Also learning **Swift** and **SwiftUI**.  
- Focused on clean, maintainable code first.
- Have a vision and future ideas that I want to capitalize on using code.
